# Word Guess Game (aka 'Hangman') Node Game
___

For this project we were asked to create a hangman, or word guess game, that would be run entirely in the terminal with Node by the user, based off of javascipt constructors and code.  In the 'letter.js' file, a constructor was created for 'Letter', that would hold the strings, boolean, and functions that would take the letter guessed and return either the guessed letter or an incorrect response.  Then in the 'words.js' file, the Letter constructer is brought in, while creating the constructor 'Word', that would create an object with functions that would call on the Letter.js file to run the letter guessed through the word constructor.

Also, in the part of the 'index.js' file that I had started to complete, I would be referencing 'inquirer' and 'is letter' as required downloads in the terminal to run the game.  The projects I had researched had used the 'is letter' npm package and would assist later in this project (however I wasn't able to really use it that much).  I was, however, able to read about how it would work online, and it would be able to seee how it would be useful moving forward. 

That was about as far as I got in this project before the submission time ran out and we had to move on, but also, I was able to reference a number of different projects on gitHub and stackOverflow that were ver similiar, even though I still triend to write my own code and used those files as a template.  Writing the code that way almost made it a little more confusing, because I was still creating my own functions and variables while trying to follow someone else's code.  In the end, I was able to (I think) create the 'letter.js' and 'words.js' files almost completely, but did not get to create the full 'index' file, or the code that would run my game.  I would love to go back and think logically to create the code that would run the actual game, but with it getting late I don't think I'll be able to submit it tonight.  I will try to sit down with a colleague to help layout my code going further so that I can create it on my own time.
